Set default container runtime to containerd (#10370)
kubernetes/kops: docs/cluster_spec.md

## containerRuntime
{{ kops_feature_table(kops_added_default='1.18', k8s_min='1.11') }}

> Alternative [container runtimes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/production-environment/container-runtimes/) can be used to run Kubernetes. The default container runtime is [containerd](https://containerd.io/docs/).
> 
> Docker can still be selected but be aware that Kubernetes is deprecating support for the Docker runtime from version 1.20 and will be removed in a future release (currently planned for the 1.22 release in late 2021).
> @see [Don't Panic: Kubernetes and Docker](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2020/12/02/dont-panic-kubernetes-and-docker/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Kubernetes 1.20, the default [container runtime](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/production-environment/container-runtimes) is containerd. Previously, the default container runtime was Docker.

Docker can still be used as container runtime with Kubernetes 1.20+,  but be aware that Kubernetes is [deprecating](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2020/12/02/dont-panic-kubernetes-and-docker) support for it and will be removed in Kubernetes 1.22.
```
